Update readme.md (#1887)
guardian/csnx: libs/@guardian/prettier/readme.md

## Usage

> prettier has two configuration files: .prettierignore, which is layed out like git's .gitignore and .prettierrc.json which should have the following contents to call the right instructions.

Reviewer: thanks for this pascal. i added a few links to hopefully help this is still not clear:

```suggestion
Prettier can take two configuration files: 

- `.prettierignore` which works like git's `.gitignore`
- `.prettierrc.yml` (or [an equivalent](https://prettier.io/docs/en/configuration.html)) which provides settings to prettier

To use this package, your prettier config should [reference it directly](https://prettier.io/docs/en/sharing-configurations#using-a-shareable-config):
```
